<hr><h1>please read the q&amp;a near the bottom, it helps me out a bunch (:<br></h1>this is (essentially) tf2c for BAD COMPUTERS and quake live players. more technical stuff + a q&amp;a below<br><br>this is a port/improvement on JarateKing's cleantf2, one of my favorite mods of all time. differences between this and the original cleantf2:<br><br>ADDITIONS TO CLEANTF2<br><span class="GreenColor">+ better team colored overheal particles ported over from an old pack made by thenoid<br>+ 4 team fire (different from <a href="https://gamebanana.com/mods/14244">this</a>, as the one i made doesn't use live tf2's fire)<br>+ removed tf2c mag and bullet casings for tf2cs new effects<br>+ removed decal textures<br>+ <a href="https://github.com/Comanglia/ComangliaComs" target="_blank">cowmanglias most recent config</a>, with removed commands that don't work in tf2c (ported from tf2)<br>+ fullbright players</span><span class="GreenColor"></span><br><br>THINGS PORTED FROM CLEANTF2<br>= removed gibs<br>= removed weapon gibs<br>= flat textures (imported from an edited cleantf2+)<br>= removed soundscapes<br>= removed surfaceproperties<br>= prism hud (90% working in tf2c)<br>= removed sniper scope (prism hud)<br><br>THINGS THAT HAVE BEEN REMOVED FROM CLEANTF2<br><span class="RedColor"><span class="RedColor">- </span>fullbright map textures (i'm working on a script and will be doing more once the game downloads aren't down)</span><br><br>i'd also like to point out some great mods you can use with this:<br><a href="https://discord.com/channels/196337717267791874/729615135827820575/777516039960526868" target="_blank">no explosion script port - suspect</a> - increases explosion visibility<br><a href="https://gamebanana.com/mods/285008">the 90 fov fix pack - Skyrym</a> - fixes viewmodels so i don't scream and cry<br><a href="https://gamebanana.com/mods/297646">capture point rings - HypnOS 1999</a> - increases point visibility and overall looks cleaner<br><a href="https://gamebanana.com/mods/30443">transparent viewmodels - jofre problem</a> - increases overall visibility<br><br>also good to use with this:<br><a href="https://youtu.be/ezS9FRXnxcQ" target="_blank">a tweak for <b>only windows nvidia users</b> that makes textures even LOWER quality</a><br><br><h1 class="SelectedElement">some questions that will surely get asked:</h1><br>Q: why did you make this?<br>A: my game ran poorly and i wanted more visual clarity. i then published this for people like me.<br><br>Q: but my game runs fine.<br>A: that's <i>your</i> computer, not mine. every computer is different so we get different performance on tf2c. so what you think may be optimized on your high end gaming pc might not work on a 2013 macbook. this pack was made for people like me, people without 3000$ gaming pcs that are fine using a laptop.<br><br>Q: so this mod improves fps?<br>A: probably. its more likely to help systems like mine that struggle to run tf2c, not help those who already get 500+ fps. basically, if you like how your game looks and don't need more fps, you probably shouldn't download this.<br><br>Q: but i LOVE these effects and you removed them!<br>A: i don't care for most fancy effects, and want to be able to play the game rather than look at a very pretty slideshow (5 fps master race)<br><br>Q: how can you even play like this?<br>A: i like tf2c enough to play it like this, and without this mod i cant really play tf2c. if you have any issues with me playing the game like this, you should remember this is a CLIENT SIDE MOD and doesn't effect other players.<br><br>Q: is this the same as directx 8.1?<br>A: no. tf2c doesn't support dx81. this uses no dx81-specific assets (as of now). if anyone says this they probably have no idea what they are talking about.<br><br>Q: why the fullbright players?<br>A: i often have trouble seeing players even after lowering my config, and enabling phong rarely helps, so this is the next best thing. if it helps, <b>they are disabled in the high quality version</b>.<br><br>Q: how do i install this?<br>A: put it into tf2c's custom folder, located in its sourcemod folder.<br><br>Q: why wont the mod work?<br>A: you probably installed it wrong, try installing the <u>cleantf2c</u> folder at <u>[drive with steam]:\[path to steam]\steamapps\sourcemods\tf2classic\custom\</u><br><br>Q: what hud do your screenshots use?<br>A: <a href="https://gamebanana.com/mods/288964">my hud.</a><br><br>Q: prism hud is marked as an executable, why is this?<br>A: prism hud actually comes with a program to customize itself with, marked as an executable here.<br><br><b>feel free to comment any questions, problems, or suggestions below, and don't expect updates and fixes, some folks have really "missed" the point of this mod.</b><br><br>todo:<br><ol><li>port prism hud</li><li>add lower quality models</li><li>make a video showing off some features</li><li>make a new faq video</li><li>make fullbright textures script<br></li></ol>
